and everybody puts their hand in the
[Music]
middle Hi V I'm Rosie I'm Rose today I'm
going to be making you Kimi fried rice
and suic my favorite drink to drink
while playing
a AP is the name of my uh single that
just dropped and AP is actually a Korean
jinking game that I love to play with my
friends I'm so nervous um in Korea you
call beer M so you mix the two words so
from Soju and Mech from mechu so it's
called so and it's just like a perfect
combination between suju and beer it
just makes the beer a little more
alcoholic which we
love and then I'm going to make my
favorite snack to have my stomach with
my friends are going to laugh at me when
they see this they're going to be like I
can't believe that you showed the world
how to make chongyang May Mayo sauce
this pepper it's called
Chang and then it's like the combination
between that and mayor um but then we
have it with like our dry squid and it's
like really good it's
perfect and you just mix it like
this then you do that let me taste it
mhm so good that's literally it so
basically we were hanging out in the
studio and I was like how about I teach
you guys some drinking games Korean
drinking games and then I started doing
it a which is apartment shortened and so
it basically
goes everyone puts their hand in the
middle it's my random game so it's like
Rosie's favorite game games I kept call
out like a number of my my head as
everyone's putting their hands in the
middle and I say like nine and everyone
Stacks their hand from bottom up
whoever's at the bottom is like 1 2 3 4
5 6 7 8 9 and whoever gets on top has to
take the shot and I did it and they were
like obsessed with it and by the way in
the process of this you should never
touch your eyes you'll just be crying
the whole night and so we were uh
playing AV and the next day I was like
okay today's the day I think we should
write the song and we did but then I
remember going home kind of freaked out
out I was like is this okay that I've
written like a song about like a
drinking game is this too unserious and
so I like got all of the producers and
songwriters to delete the song off of
their phones for like a while they had
no idea what i' would be talking about
I'd be like oh by the way I played a few
people AP and they they were like what
song are you talking about and I was
like oh my God I I totally forgot I I
made everyone delete it off their phones
but then I'm like bring it back out
bring it back out people are obsessed
with it and then we finished it off so I
do that get the mayonnaise and then just
pour a little bit of soy sauce I like to
make the chili big but see this is like
only because I love spicy things I feel
like most people would probably find it
a bit too
spicy oh yes yes you're smart thank you
I'm obsessed with cilantro and I put it
with everything this is going to be so
controversial cuz I'm sure there's a lot
of people who hate cilantro but I think
I'm a bit weird though this is my own
[Laughter]
last year um Bruno came to performing in
Korea in Soul and my friend was like do
you want to go watch Bruno M concered
and so ever since then I was like oh my
God I love Bruno ma in like I like plays
songs all the time fast forward somebody
set up like a meeting with him and I and
I met and I was like I was fan calling
so much he like jumped on the song and
he had all these like crazy ideas for it
I have like three other interviews
today Tada all you need is a whole chunk
of kimchi the good old
spam so chili face olive oil eggs and
rice oh and sugar sugar my mom told me
not to put it in but makes the whole
thing so much better and that's how you
make kimy fried rice okay let's get
started can everybody tell I'm like
really nervous right now let's set the
record straight I was born in New
Zealand and I moved to Australia when I
was 8 years old took an open audition
amongst a thousand other contestants who
were dying to be a K-pop Star to my
absolutely surprised they were like you
know stop everything you're doing can
you fly to Korea in 2 months I trained
for 4 years and then at the end of four
years I was 20 and I came out as black
pink wa I guess 19 in American age doing
black pink for eight years and I'm still
doing it but this year is the year of my
my album so my album name is Rosie and
it's called that because my friends and
family call me Rosie as much as this
album really is kind of a reflection of
I would say the past four years of my
life all the stories that I've had that
I haven't ever really been able to show
all of that put into this album and I
wanted everyone to feel like they were
that much closer to to me and so that's
why it's called Rosie if you listen to
it from top to bottom and you know like
80% of the lyrics off by heart then you
may call me
Rosie I am killing the knife
game just going to put that on the pan
before it gets hot and then the
controversial spam here we go yep what
is Spam I don't even know I'm sure it's
edible meat looks hope design
gloves but you know what I
noticed I might be wrong but I feel like
Korean spam tastes a bit
better am I causing drama I grew up
eating really healthy my mom would be
like she's kind of like a health freak
and I was pretty good with whatever she
gave me I think I kind of created this
love for spam of the my trainee we would
eat some crazy things like dumplings
it's like the frozen ones that you buy
at the store and then you boil it in
water that with oriental dressing it's
beautiful this what you have to be
careful oh my God it smells so
[Music]
good yes we have the kimchi in here and
the spam in here we're just going to
like cook it for a little bit and then
I'm going to use this looks fancy
usually I just use a
spoon you guys want to see I have to
start a cooking
now so this morning I actually had my
very first meeting it was like offline
and I was really shocked because that
was the first time I was talking about
the album coming out and to my
surprise I actually
cried and I was like why am I crying and
I made the person know I was like this
is Happy teers by the way I'm not sad in
any type of way I'm really really happy
I always knew it is something very
personal to me but it's been a long
journey it hasn't been the the easiest
cuz in the process of me writing this
album I was trying to be independent I
was out here trying to navigate this
next chapter of my life and so whilst
also like really really happy moments in
the studio where I felt like I wouldn't
want to be anywhere else this is when I
put like a little bit of the kimchi
thingy in and then I drizzle it a little
bit of sugar I remember being in a
studio when I recorded for the first
time I was like oh my God I want to do
this for the rest of my life it was like
my own personal like therapy session
basically but I really cannot wait for
my fans to listen to my music and feel
that much closer to me because it really
is like a lot of my personality that my
friends and family know I'm feeling
really nervous this never gets easy okay
no I suck already the this was supposed
to be
heated Gordon Ramsay would kill me
I'm scared
guys please cut this out okay I'm turn
this
off oh now my hands are sweaty it's so
heavy the plating is the most important
is it
not it looks really good you guys are
going to think I'm crazy but I always
have it with a side of cilantro like a
whole side of cilantro stunning
beautiful with the side of cilantro
santro makes everything beautiful do you
want me to tell you a secret that I've
never told anyone in the world an
ultimate dream of
life is to be retired and to own a
cilantro Farm I'm going to have like a
Michelin Chef create a full cilantro
course menu and then it's just going to
be like a winery but like it's like a
cilantro
and I'm going to call it the cilantro
Farm that's genius and I'm just going to
sit by my cilantro farm and have my like
cilantro
cocktail that's my dream guys that's
what I'm going to be doing when I'm old
but here you
go that's my beautiful kimchi fried rice
get the perfect bite with the egg yolk
yolk is my favorite part here we go
[Music]
mhm
mhm mhhm I'm really proud this is the
first thing I'm doing today this is like
already the best day of my life I think
I'm ready to go back and have more of
this more of that with my
staff it's so
good
yummy I'm announcing it here Bo this is
an announcement and only many bog
viewers get to know about this in in 20
to 30 years I'll have my own cilantro
Farm it's called it's going to be called
the cilantro Farm we better like
trademark
that bye thank you
[Music]